The year was 1321, the family of Graystaff had taken
over east Europe, leaving everyone there as a serf or 
a traitor. A band of heroes came together to form the 
rebellion. They called themselves Limitless. As they 
tried to stop the Graystaff they lost more and more 
fighters. In 1323 Limitless was gone; no one from the 
rebellion survived. 

The year is 1832, roughly 500 years since the rebellion 
was killed off. The Graystaff family has taken over all 
but 4 small towns. Kewiy is a small farming town with 
only mass expanses of land and a population of old 
farmers and their crippled wives. Banbury is a brothel 
town -- no one stays there unless it's how they make a 
living. It is also the town with the most black markets. 
Anything that the Graystaff family has considered illegal 
or "not for use of the public" can be found in Banbury. 
Exford is the educated town, it is the town that has had 
the best luck fending off the Graystaff family. They are 
more of a defence town and not many have been able to 
get in since 1479. Addington, the town where our new band 
of heroes will begin. It's a small town with little 
merchants and their shops, seemingly harmless. 
Addington was once the central location for machinery 
and technology but since has been deserted.    

Graystaff Militia

Ophelia was an Opera singer for the Graystaff family. 
She is known everywhere as the most famous opera 
singer. The head of the Graystaff family, William, 
hired her into the guard to protect the heiress and 
other royal children. Ophelia went through the militia 
training and came out with the war hammer.

Clayton was the butler for the Graystaff house. Clayton 
has been with the Graystaff house since he was a boy. 
When he was younger he was often scolded for saying the 
wrong thing so now he doesn't talk unless it is 
absolutely necessary. Clayton likes large weapons and 
would sometimes take the job of polishing every weapon in 
all the armories around the kingdom. No one has ever seen 
his eyes. Some say he was born with his goggles on.

Zola was the maid of the eldest daughter of Graystaff. 
She had previous knowledge of fighting from her years as 
the house's assassin. She was assigned to protect and 
form a connection with the eldest and train her to be 
the most lethal heir EVER.

The Good Guys

Marian was a fair maiden of a far away land. She followed 
a woman who had claimed to love her and wound up in 
Banbury, watching her take care of her 15 children.  She 
realized she had no real feelings fom her, but had been 
disowned by her family by that point.  She worked as a 
"streetwalker" until meeting Willard and joining the 
resistance together.

"High class gentlemen" - woman on the street  
"Extremely swanky" - another woman on the street   
"classy af" - several men on the same street     
Murray is just an all around great guy. Everyone loves 
him. Everyone. Everyone. His droopy eyes give him an air 
of understanding which draws everyone in. No one 
remembers how he joined the group or when it happened. 
It just did. No one knows what he did for a living, 
he's just kind of there.

Lucille TAKES NO SH*T.

Willard is the father of 5 girls, 3 month old Helena, 2 
year old Edna, 4 year old Alvina, 7 year old twins 
Melinda and Marcia. His wife died giving birth to his 
last daughter so he takes care of all five on his own.  
He has done all manner of odd jobs to make ends meet, 
from circus performer to gravedigger, to streetwalker, 
which is how he met Marian. He originally joined the 
group as a spy and went into the Graystaff's house under 
cover as a court jester, where his unnerving beady-eyed 
gaze probed the family's darkest secrets. Unfortunately 
his beady eyes made the youngest daughter of the 
Graystaff house uncomfortable, he was fired and told to 
stay away from the house.He returned to Addington and 
joined Marian  in directly combating the Graystaff's 
armies, using his medical knowledge he picked up god 
knows where.

